and I'm live I think where's my Pepsi
there's my Pepsi hello Pepsi
hello Winters no you're not here too
early you're here right on time you're
here before I am
I'm on a viral Elvira boobs there we go
actually maybe I should put you over
here
yeah I think that works better actually
yes that works better
now we're gonna take
apologies for the setup time
um
just decided to stream about five
minutes ago I only had time to shave and
that was about it
oh thank you Champion Ashley
and I'm doing pretty pretty good fairy
mushroom
um today was a
surprisingly unproductive day
um I'm out of focus I'm out of focus
camera why am I out of focus
why do you do this to me
how much money I spent on you
good evening Raphael
I was just watching another video of
yours oh really which one
well I'm really early hopefully next
time I won't be really late
wow my skin looks really smooth like
like it's like fake smooth or something
I saw that champion Ashley I I've never
seen
um
I've never seen High School Musical
before
so it's I I've only kind of
taken in the
uh
sort of cultural
information about about him
I did see Barbie I actually uh released
Nick and I recorded a podcast as soon as
we got home uh for patrons
going after matpat on Twitter for old
tweets
you got always got to be careful about
your old tweets
luckily my old Twitter accounts are dead
from like 2012.
when I was even more opinionated than I
am now
oh thank you Dominion Domino mask
I actually couldn't wear these for the
longest time because they were super
tight on my nose and then I discovered
that they have the little adjustable
pads
I've never watched Pushing Daisies which
I love everyone who was involved with
Pushing Daisies so it's kind of weird
that I haven't watched it
[Music]
um
I should kind of I should put it on my
like to watch list
oh I did Tibby it's it's a that's it's
he's such an idiot
you know not to idiot shame but he's an
idiot
and I will continue to dead name Twitter
because it's not called X
literally grown every time Lee Pace is
on screen because
yeah I think a lot of people kind of
discovered him via The Hobbit
and we're like oh what is this
otherworldly Beauty
besides hell of a boss you have
recommendations for shows or movies to
watch on YouTube
um not really
um I don't watch a whole I haven't been
watching a whole lot of YouTube lately
which is kind of
I've been complaining so much about the
views on my videos being down and here I
am not watching YouTube
um
but uh
I I mostly I haven't been watching a lot
of stuff because I'm like okay if I if I
watch something
am I going to feel like I'm copying it
if I do a video about the same kind of
thing and
so I haven't been watching that much
YouTube uh that's actually a lot I've
been watching a lot of wrestling YouTube
but as far as like shows that are on
YouTube I can't really think of any
other than
like I think the only like narrative
stuff I'm watching on YouTube is
like Brandon Rogers stuff
um which is an acquired taste and I
can't actually recommend everyone as
much as I would like to recommend it to
everyone
the conservative backlash to Bar it's it
is hilarious it's it was actually very
sad and pathetic but it's also very
hilarious
um just the fact that I don't know if
they've actually seen the movie but like
the whole point of it is that the
patriarchy is bad for everyone men and
women cans and Barbies and Allen's and
they seem very very upset at the idea
that the patriarchy is bad and it's like
uh
I feel like as a culture we've kind of
come to the conclusion that the
patriarchy is bad what are you doing
I didn't know there was a new trailer
for Interview with the Vampire
give me a moment
why did that not end up
anywhere in my
Duff how did I not see that one sec
where is my headphones
I don't know where my headphones are
I have found my headphones okay
I'm gonna watch The Interview with the
Vampire trailer live
because I'm a I'm a reactor YouTuber now
apparently
okay I need to change this to be nope
play sound through this B God Windows is
so complicated
through the speakers
okay give me one sec
know what I'm actually
let's do this the right way
okay they're at the oh Armand's at the
table
where did we leave off
I know they've recast Claudia
but
the actors they got pretty spot on
the status everywhere they can't escape
him
uh so I really like I forgot that the I
forgot about the time Jump stuff that it
was going to be taking place like during
World War II I forgot about that
can't wait for petty ex-boyfriend let's
start next season yeah I feel like
season three is going to be adapting the
Vampire Lestat so that's gonna be and
that's going to be interesting to see
what they do that and do with that
just got out of my second viewing of
Barbie no it just started
um
I've only I've only seen Barbie once
I feel like I'm a bad gay
my response to that would be it's a
Barbie movie directed by Greta Gerwig of
course it's going to be about gender in
some way
James I have a question you're doing a
watch along for the first episode of
good omen season two with only patrons
correct because I'm binging it all
through the night I want to hear
thoughts ASAP
um I haven't decided if I'm doing a
watch along uh a good omen's watch along
with patrons yet actually I know I'm
doing a Heart Stopper one
next weekend
um
because
I know the way I work and the watch
along will end up being watching the
entire season in one go uh which is easy
with Heart Stopper because it's only
half hour episodes but with good Omens
being hour-long episodes
um
it's kind of a different story
um but
coming out in like three days
so that's going to be
I'm gonna have to figure I'm gonna have
to figure that out
you're gonna have to figure that out
what does why is steam randomly opening
I did not tell you to download
what are you doing go away thank you
that's that's enough of you
'll said season two was five hours long
so that's either five episodes or six
episodes at around 45 minutes each
I'm guessing probably six episodes
because that makes
sense I think because I think the first
season was six episodes
me and my friend didn't think it was
even
getting a second season it's exciting
yeah it was actually it's been filming
forever I feel like it was in production
for a long time
um
and we were actually gonna have a video
coming out uh kind of talking about how
Neil Gaiman is a straight guy who's
surprisingly good at queer characters
um but some stuff uh somehow Nick's been
dealing with some health stuff and so
we're not rushing into that I want to
give them some time to recover and
everything so
excuse me
so that's going to be delayed until
August but that's a a patron exclusive
until
October I think
I can't remember
I can't remember when it's coming to
YouTube I have it written down on a
calendar downstairs but that's far away
apparently Theo apparently
that's all wrong
uh Kura I'm I'm guessing it's either
I'm guessing they're like 45 minute
episodes
is my assumption and then that would
equal six 45 minute episodes
um
I don't I don't think the first season
each episode was an hour exactly but I
might be wrong I might be wrong
because most Network hour-long TV shows
are 45 minutes and I think because Prime
does have I think Prime has a
commercial
version
I think
there are six okay there are six
episodes so yeah that makes sense
it's funny to me that for most
conservatives this will be their first
introduction to the work of Greta garway
I actually I don't think I've seen any I
have no I haven't I don't think I've
seen any of Greta gerwig's movies before
I didn't see Little Women and I can't
remember if I saw Lady Bird or not
oh Jason I don't even know if Mayfair
witches is getting a second season that
that was a mess
spoilers for good Omens
I wonder what that what they are
spoilers don't usually ruin stuff for me
um
like I'm fine knowing how things end are
they bad spoilers as in like they they
spoil a really big plot or are they bad
spoilers as in like they make the show
bad
Alexander Daddario needs to change
agents urgently
why do you say that I'm trying to
remember who Alexandra Daddario is
spoiler a really big plot okay all right
if it was like bad spoilers as in it
like makes the show bad then that would
be
that would be sad
oh she right she was in Mayfair witches
right yeah
um everyone who worked on that show God
it was such so bad
uh where did I buy the cap that was at
uh Game Stop yeah GameStop used to be
called EB Games here in Canada but it's
GameStop now
one sec
over there
I have returned
they did green light Mayfair witches
season two
wow and I know the first season was
really did not have really great views
uh the ratings weren't great for it and
the ratings were like really good for
Interview with the Vampire so that kind
of says to me that
uh hopefully we absolutely will get an
adaptation of the Vampire Lestat
what is going on YouTube why are you
showing me this loading thing
uh Corwin I did for nimona Nick and I
did a podcast talking about it we're
doing that on the patreon now uh we
watch something and then immediately
record a podcast afterwards it's called
going in raw
um
and uh we recorded about an hour-long
podcast talking about nimona
so I don't think we'll be doing a video
about it
um unless they announce a sequel or
something like that
but uh
yeah we did we did kind of we did talk
about it it might end up being a part of
a video uh coming up in the fall but I
can't say for sure
I did see the Heart Stopper trailer uh
more kissing than I expected lots of
kissing
um
I'm just really glad that the oh you're
being gay
carry on that that line made it into the
show because I laughed my ass off when I
read that in the books
okay
I'm I'm frustrated that bottoms isn't
about a bunch of bottoms because I feel
like it's missing it's it's it the title
is missing something
I feel like it should be about a bunch
of like whiny twinks or something
I did not see Oppenheimer I I wanted to
go see it
um
but it's just like
it's three hours long
and depressing
and so I am going to watch it when it
comes out on streaming so I can just
kind of watch it at home but uh I don't
think I'm gonna see it in theaters
one of the guys from red white and blue
is also inbox oh
Prince Henry's in Bottoms
he looks really different when he's not
blonde like I've seen some press stuff
that they did before the strike and he
looks so different when he's not blonde
but are you here for Barbie oh yes I I
saw barbie at uh Thursday night
screening
um
at a VIP Thursday night screening thing
which VIP just meant really expensive
tickets wasn't like actually
like there weren't like celebrities
there or anything like that big seats
basically
um and I loved it I loved every minute
of it I want to see it again I just have
to uh
decide when
no I didn't dress in pink I actually
ended up wearing all black
by accident and uh the theater I was at
didn't have a Barbie box
it might have in the normal section of
the theater because it's kind of the
theater's like sectioned off there's the
VIP screens which like I said it's
basically the VIP is they'll feed you
they'll serve you food they give you a
menu and stuff
um and it's like recliner seats and then
there's the normal theater where the
IMAX is and stuff like that
um they might have had the box out in
the normal theater but they didn't have
it over where I was
they had so many different like popcorn
stuff and and like beach ball drink
things and none of it was in the section
that I was in you'd think that since the
tickets were more expensive that they
would have you know made a point to
point that out to us
Oppenheimer has gay characters
that being said I did go and buy two
Barbies well a Barbie and a Ken for the
first time in my my whole life
not hating but for a movie all about
social gender
social gender hell I didn't think Barbie
had enough queer sub text or text it's a
little on the where the conversation was
10 years ago side the thing is if it had
actually had like talking more about
like trans people and non-binary people
and stuff like that
it either never would have gotten made
or
it never would have made any money
that's that's the issue
which is really frustrating like I think
red white and royal blue if red white
and royal blue had come out in theaters
I think that would actually have been
really successful but Amazon doesn't
really put things in theaters very often
I would buy a Mojo Dojo casa
oh thank you Jared meese
not a whole lot of people watch that I'm
glad you enjoyed it
off topic but have you seen the movie
Fire Island I just did do it
I just did
uh yeah I have seen it uh and it's uh
it's really good I was really happy that
it got nominated for uh I think it got
nominated for two Emmys
um
and I was really happy about that
wait there's there were two oh right
right yeah oh I didn't even notice that
great I know the two Ken's kissed Ken on
the cheek but I didn't notice that it
was the gay ones
well the gay actors
but I mean all the Kens were pretty gay
I mean the beach off at the very
beginning of the movie pretty much set
that up that yeah we're dealing with gay
Kens here
I haven't seen the movie but the part in
the trailer I saw I had to try so hard
not to laugh
the thing that I really liked was the
funniest parts of the movie they
actually didn't put in the trailer
that I was actually shocked by some of
the parts that just had me like
gutterally laughing
like fascist Barbie just I was
absolutely dying
I want my depression Barbie
I mean if you look at it like
as far as like employing queer people
there was a trans Barbie there were two
gay Barbie well two gay Kens there was a
lesbian Barbie it has surprisingly large
queer cast considering it didn't really
technically have any queer characters
no there's not a fascist Barbie if you
if uh if you see it you'll know what I
mean
I just absolutely like doubled over
laughing my ass off
foreign
oh my God
oh I need to see it again I feel like I
I I need to see it again
um I haven't seen Oppenheimer I'm gonna
see it when it comes out on streaming or
on Blu-ray
um
but I
can't
I don't want to go sit in a theater for
three hours and be depressed
is it bad I drive like Barbie
I wish they'd Focus much more on
Barbie's existential crisis instead of
Ken being freaking cringe all the time
excuse me
for me every second with Margo is gold
but then they focus on anything else I
was like can we go back to Barbie
yeah I mean my favorite parts of it were
Barbie I thought Ken was really funny
um I didn't think there needed to be as
much Ken as there was
but I I think they kind of they wanted
to do that so that they would kind of
cover their bases a bit to be like this
is a movie for men and women and it is
kind of showing how the patriarchy is
bad for men too
um
and I mean all the critics are saying
Ryan Gosling's getting an Oscar
nomination and they're the one that he's
the one that they're really focusing on
which I think is a bit of his disservice
I think I think Kate McKinnon should get
a nomination as well
on the fence about the movie I want to
see it but what do you think I think
it's absolutely worth seeing it's really
really funny
I don't think they're gonna announce if
they're smart they won't announce it can
spin off until after the Oscar
nominations because there's a lot of
talk of Oscar nominations for this and
if they announce a sequel It's just
gonna take them out at the knees and the
Oscars won't do and it won't touch them
except for the technical Awards
now that Barbie is at what other movie
how are you excited about this year I'm
excited for red white and royal blue
and
other than that not really anything
because a lot of movies are being
delayed into next year because of the uh
actor strike
um
and so I'm not really excited for
anything until
stuff is coming out there were some
movies that I was excited for that have
been delayed so I'm just gonna hold my
powder on most of that the new Exorcist
movie looks It looks interesting though
and that's coming out in October and I'm
pretty sure they will release that
because it's Blum House they really
don't need some horror movies don't need
an ad campaign really
uh Shadow project they're talking about
pushing Dune back until maybe June of
next year depending upon uh
if and when the strike is resolved
I wish I had a man who would mansplain
the Godfather during the whole movie
those burpees don't oh good thank God
thank God
I hated Ken song I want to die but I do
recommend the movie Barbie's final lines
the final line was amazing
um
and I actually like Ken song I've sang
it a bunch of times I have it in my
Babel music now
how's the strike impacting Telos and
production uh well because Telos doesn't
have the money to well actually we
discovered we do have the money to work
with actra which is Canada's version of
sag
um actra is not on strike
um
but some of the actors that we would
that we've been that I've been talking
to
um are actually members of actra and sag
and so
um
I'm hoping that sag gets
fixed sooner rather than later so that
they can work but because it's
technically because it is an independent
production they actually could work sag
will give them permission to do that
um
so uh yeah that's a really long way of
saying is really not uh going to affect
Telos because we are not in the ampta
and so we are not a part of the
group
a24 is apparently able to film because
they agreed to sags terms yeah they
actually left I they left the ampt is it
the amptpa or the the American Producers
association thing
um they left that because so that they
could agree to sags terms and so a24 can
make whatever movies they want and
actors can work with them which I'm like
that's what more Studios should do
because apparently there's only a couple
of Studios that are actually holding it
up Disney and Warner Brothers and most
of the other ones just kind of want to
get back to work
um
and so I'm like leave the producers
Association just leave and get back to
work and let Warner Brothers and Disney
drown
I I think it's going to be great for the
independent film industry because
there's already a lot of actors kind of
calling for big name actors to take
smaller roles for Less pay to kind of
boost up the smaller producers that are
willing to work with you know
guaranteeing that there's no Ai and
guaranteeing the residuals and stuff
like that
um they're kind of like you know if the
big guys won't do it we can afford to
take the pay cut let's go work for these
smaller companies and build them up so I
think I think the producers are kind of
shooting themselves in the foot because
what they don't realize especially with
the actors is 99 of the actors in Sag
have a second job because acting doesn't
pay the bills so they're not going to
lose their houses because they're
already working and they can just
take more hours at their second job
um
and so the actors strike can go on a lot
longer than I think the writers strike
can
and so it's going to be the Studios have
kind of stepped in a pile of and
now they they don't want to lose face
and seem weak but they're gonna they're
gonna have to
or a bunch of them can just come out and
say it was Warner Brothers in Disney and
them
sorry if you already answered I logged
on just now saw your hat and got excited
oh any favorite Pokemon starters
totodile's my favorite Pokemon starter
that's why I want another remake of the
gold and silver era because I love
Totodile
my little
my little excitable crocodile
why is there an emoji thingy on the side
of the chat
uh what do you mean
they did make kind of horse girl
crocodile has always confused me
why is it a cave Croc yeah it's weird
uh not too bad sore Sora Z sore Z Sora
Zed
um
been a been a strikes weird oddly
stressful time considering taking the
summer off not really
um
but uh
been weirdly stressful period
but hopefully things will be getting
better
good
what are some movies you think are over
I think a lot of movies are overrated
I could just go down the list of best
picture not a Best Picture winners and
tell you some overrated movies
hey Jason
do they have car boot sales in Canada
I don't know what that means
maybe we do and we call it something
else
[Laughter]
Christopher Nolan has a weird fan base
he's actually oddly a lot like um
like uh Zack Snyder where I actually do
think Zack Snyder is really talented
director I think he needs to work with
better writers but I do think he's a
really talented director and I think
Christopher Dolan's a really talented
director but Christopher Nolan is given
and Zack Snyder have been given other
than with Justice League they've been
given way too much creative control over
their projects which has been
um
to the detriment of them
do you think Barbie will reach a billion
I think it definitely has the potential
to get to a billion which would be
amazing because it's a movie that
deserves it and it's a movie that didn't
cost 300 million dollars so it would be
really nice to have a
it cost 140 million which is now
considered a medium budget movie
um
but I I would love to see it get
nominated
all right I would love to see you get a
billion dollars my brain is just all
over the place
um
I'd love to see it get to a billion but
it's I think it's all going to depend on
the second weekend
like are people gonna see it more than
once is the big question
how are laws surrounding filmmaking and
films in general in Canada different
than the ones in the U.S
uh law wise there's there aren't really
laws kind of prohibiting production or
anything like that other than you know
you have to get permits if you're
shooting outside and stuff like that
um
but uh
excuse me but it's very difficult to get
funding in Canada
um I was actually talking to someone
who has been working in the film
industry in Canada for a long time and
he's worked on movies and TV shows and
TV shows that have like been on network
that have been funded by the networks
and stuff like that and I was telling
him how much
um Telos has Telos was uh given and how
much we got because we got about 50 000
from the uh amount donated
um
and uh
I was like we're gonna take we're going
to try and take that take about half of
that or 30 000 of it to make a movie and
then uh hopefully make some money off of
that movie and then do another one etc
etc uh and he who has worked in the
Canadian film industry for a long time
was like wow I've worked on Productions
financed by the government that had
smaller budgets
which kind of made me the bed to me
I got to be honest
um
and uh
kind of explains why everybody with
budgets like that it kind of explains
why all the filmmakers and actors leave
Canada
um
but uh yeah budget wise is really the
the constraint
for making movies in Canada not so much
the laws
seen Barbie three times no one can stop
me doing it again
I can't even get it like I was going to
go this evening because I was I wasn't
feeling the best and I wanted Barbie was
gonna make me feel good
um and I checked online and everything
sold out
and so I was like well I guess I'm
not going to see Barbie tonight
I really wish Quebec had genre films and
animated films our Cinema really lacks
ambition right now at least Quebec can
make movies and not have to rely on the
federal government's insane
funding parameters
who would you say is worse Canada or
England for funding movies
um Canada because to fund a movie in
Canada you have to make it so obscenely
Canadian no one outside of Canada wants
to watch it no one inside of Canada
wants to watch it movies made in England
are allowed to you know appeal to people
who don't live in England
I can't remember the last time there
were Cinemas that were sold out for a
non-superhero movie for two movies at
once Barbie and Oppenheimer were sold
out today when I looked
um
and yeah I can't remember the last time
that a non-superhero movie
was like crashing theaters like that
like it's kind of amazing and I am so
happy to see it because I am I would
really love for the the Blockbuster to
shrink I would love for Blockbusters to
go down to
Barbie size
instead of you know
costing 300 and 400 million dollars like
some of the movies that came out this
year
what's an overrated Canadian city
um
I honestly haven't been to enough
Canadian cities to really say I'm gonna
say Ottawa out of all the cities that
I've the Canadian cities that I've been
in for any period of time
Ottawa is the most overrated
people are wearing pink like they're in
a cult including me it's like I I own no
pink stuff and even after I saw barbie I
went to a bunch of stores to see if they
had any like guy sized clothing
um with Barbie logos and stuff nothing
nothing no Pink Guy clothing in the area
that I could find I need to go to a mall
and kind of look around I'm sure they
have it somewhere
nobody wants to see me in a crop top
I loved Ottawa but only saw it for like
a week as a tourist and I love books and
museums oh I'm sure yeah like Ottawa
would be like great to visit but I lived
there for a year and I tried to I tried
to start several businesses in Ottawa
that involved casting people
and uh
people are very full of themselves in
Ottawa I have um
to the conclusion of
new patreon gold James and a crop
five thousand patrons got us to 5 000
patrons get us to five thousand patrons
I'll do whatever you want
off topic can you explain all the
history thing no I can't
[Laughter]
that was just a stream with me and Nick
and uh
that ended up happening and then Jason
made it into like a YouTube short and I
was like oh my God I have to post this
James dressed as Misty
I was tearing my closet apart for my
pink tank top for the Barbie movie
soon the patrons shall control James's
fashion choices by all means if we get 5
000 patrons I will I if we get 5 000
patrons I will do a closet tour which
will be pretty pathetic because I don't
own very much clothing
um and I will let the patrons decide
like what colors of clothes I should buy
and everything I will I would and hand
over a lot of control for five thousand
patrons
assume the patron I just read that
will we see a gay inside closet
uh yeah I mean you've actually seen me
in a closet before technically it's my
editing closet it's where I have my
computer and everything but it is it is
a closet
maybe into the screen for the anti-hero
coordiness of it all huh oh the oh okay
Barbie is showing at the drive in 30
minutes so I wish there was a drive in
here I would totally go see Barbie to
draw I haven't been to a drive-in since
I was like 16 years old
what movie no I haven't been to the
drive-in since I was
12.
or 13. I think I was 12 there was a
double feature of Harry Potter and the
Philosopher's Stone and Jason X
and uh I was like oh my God I have to
see Jason X and so my mom took me and
we were there till like three in the
morning because Jason because Jason X
started really late
uh no I haven't seen Oppenheimer I'm
gonna see it when it comes to streaming
but I'm not gonna sit in the theater for
three hours just to be depressed
I saw E.T in the at the drive-in as a
kid I'm old I saw a lot of movies in the
drive-in as a kid I saw uh Jurassic Park
The Flintstones
um
the mask
what else did I see at the drive-in
Titanic
um oh what else did I see I I saw a lot
of movies at the drive-in we had a
drive-in where I lived and basically and
at in the summertime no one went to the
movie theater we everybody went to the
drive-in
Jason X is better than a lot of the
other Friday the 13s it is it's a bad
movie don't get me wrong but it's like a
it's like a of like a Showgirls kind of
bad movie it's impossible to not have
fun watching Jason X and there's some
Friday the 13th movies like part
four
four part five
um
part six it comes another way
I think it's part five is just bad I I
can't watch
Friday the 13th Part Five I have bad
memories of bar five
I'm 90 sure that it's part five that I'm
thinking of
also I did actually run a red light
speed
I used to do that
I used to drive very dangerously to a
remix an eight minute remix of Shut Up
and Drive
yeah Jason Takes Manhattan is boring
until the last half hour of it like the
whole thing on the boat and it's like
they didn't have the budget to actually
film in New York they had to film in
Vancouver they somehow got a boat from a
lake
into the Atlantic Ocean
uh which just like completely destroys
any logic
um
but yeah Jason Takes Manhattan is uh my
favorite Friday the 13th is uh part
seven
it's because
I I stand an incredibly queer movie with
a girl with psychic powers
it's in part five yeah part seven has
the psychic part five is the one with
the fake Jason Jason's not even in part
five it's
um
a guy whose son was killed and he
dresses up as Jason to kill people
Friday the 13th yes
I had such a crush on the main actor
when I was a kid I watched that movie so
much
I used to live next to a drive-in where
all I had to do was get our radio
connected to the right signal and I
could watch a couple of movies from my
attic that's awesome
oh I'm jealous I would have been up
there every night
did you see the new trailer for season
two of Heart Stopper I did
um I think we're actually for the
patrons we're gonna do a watch along
when Heart Stopper comes out
um it's probably gonna be my second time
viewing it because I will likely
watch it when it drops at three in the
morning
um
and then I'll like watch it again later
on that weekend with patrons or
something like that
I'm so gay slay work boots
so Butch what I'm with guys like
Medusa you're it's like
you're you're you're you're you're I was
gonna say your tweets tweets aren't a
thing anymore you're you're you're
you're posts are interesting
have you ever seen the classic lesbian
movie Heavenly Creatures I just found
out about it last week it's a lesbian
crime drama I have Heavenly Creatures is
amazing uh it's actually the movie that
basically got Peter Jackson the job of
directing Lord of the Rings
um because they got an Oscar nomination
for best I want to say best original
screenplay
um
and uh
yeah Heavenly Creatures is phenomenal
it's it's really really really good
um I did see the trailer for The One
Piece live action series and I thought
it actually looks fun but I'm not gonna
watch it on because
I feel like I don't see I might watch it
like I don't know if it's a direct
adaptation of the manga or if they're
just kind of running with it
um
is it something that I can watch that
will get me into one piece
or
that I can then check out the anime and
the manga afterwards or is it something
that's gonna be like
kind of detached from it and then I'll
just get like I'll be confused or is it
and the other excuse me the other issue
is unless it's super successful Netflix
will cancel it and we won't get a second
season and then it's like okay well how
are you gonna get the whole story of the
manga they're never gonna be able to
tell the whole story of the manga they
never let shows last that long
will probably be canceled like cat well
Cowboy Bebop was really bad
um
that was the problem with the Cowboy
Bebop live action
so we'll see what happens uh we'll see
what happens with this one
I have seen Dante's Cove I watched that
when I was a teenager
it was made for people who don't want to
watch the anime and or read the Manga
I'm interested in reading the manga and
watching the anime but it's just kind of
like
it is such a Time sink
that uh
that it's like that's why I have it as a
a 10 000 Patron goal that a 10 000
patrons we're gonna do a three hour
video about one piece
um
because it's it's gonna take
a lot of work and so we're gonna need 10
000 patrons before we can do it
to Dante's Cove even have a plot or was
it just hot guys shirtless
that's a good question
because I don't remember one
oh I don't have my thing out here that
lets me rest my feet
oh I've actually seen him before
I can't remember what I saw where I've
seen him or what I've seen him in but
I've actually seen him before
reading the manga isn't that much of a
time commitment as watching the anime
I've gotten through about half of the
manga in a few days of intense a few
days wow
my problem with reading especially like
manga and comic books and stuff like
that is that I read the dialogue as I
imagine it would be spoken
and so I'm like I'm like acting it out
in my head so it takes a long time for
me to read stuff
um I think that's why I read so slowly
I just put out the two the first two
volumes of the Sailor Moon manga
yesterday
um at Toys R Us of all places
um to start my research on the
Revolutionary girl Lieutenant Sailor
Moon video that we're gonna work on uh
later in the summer
I take my time reading manga because I
like to really look at the art I usually
don't kind of fall in love with the art
of manga but with uh the summer Hikaru
died I've just been like engrossed in
the art of that
that series looks amazing it's stunning
like it's the best the best Manga art
I've ever seen granted I haven't read a
whole lot of manga
um but it's like the best art in a manga
that I've ever seen
for the magical girls video where you're
looking into Western influences of anime
and vice versa it's interesting how they
go back and forth uh we don't know yet
um we have to sit down and watch
revolutionary girl lieutenant and uh
first we need to do the Sandman uh good
Omens video
and then we're gonna go into the magical
girls video
um it's really hard for me to say what a
video is about before we start writing
it because when we break the it we call
it it's like breaking the video is kind
of figuring out exactly what's in it
um like we know that we're going to talk
about revolutionary girl lieutenant and
Sailor Moon that's about it
um
as far as the content of it the theme of
it no idea like when we sat down to
write the when we decided let's make a
video about Hannibal we had no idea it
was about going to be about abusive
relationships
um and why gays love abusive
but that's what it ended up being after
writing it
girl utensils
have you seen the movie The blackening
no I haven't but I really really want to
it looks friggin hilarious
good it's good and it has a black gay
man as a lead character he's also oh
that's uh is that on streaming yet I
know it was in theaters but it didn't
come I think I think it was in one
theater near me which I'm like I'm in
Toronto it should be every movie should
come out near me God damn it there's
like eight theaters within like a 10
minute drive from me
um
but uh I haven't seen it yet but I wanna
it's like that's on my like watch
immediately as soon as it comes out on
streaming list
it is on streaming awesome
I wear it
hey Siri at 10 p.m remind me to watch
the blackening
I don't know if Siri made the
wonderful
thank you Siri
I don't look abusive relationships but I
love me some dark and twisted
relationships
it's very telling that
three of our most viewed videos are
about gay abusive relationships
I'm like should I just keep should I
just make videos about gay abusive
relationships
wow he's like really cute but then he
takes his shirt off and he's got like
the chest of a 1980s wrestler holy
that's mind-boggling
it's not 10 over in Canada yet no it's
just about nine o'clock uh in Toronto
and
um I usually stream for about two hours
these days so I'll probably finish at
about 10 o'clock
um but if I don't finish at 10 if I go
later or whatever my reminder will be
consistently on my phone so I will see
it and I can look it up and watch it
because a funny movie is exactly what I
need right now
as long as you don't go out and have
some for research has some for research
have oh I can't have any relationships
for research or for fun I'm I am
chronically single so
it's weird for me to listen to people
talk to Siri like it's a real secretary
I have apple
um speakers on every floor of my house
so no matter where I am I can just call
out for to make a reminder
or to turn my TV on or to play a song or
whatever it's very convenient
um
also slightly dystopian but dystopian in
an acceptable way
Medusa you could probably yeah you could
probably take Siri
I recommend the show killing Eve kind of
similar Vibes to Hannibal but has more
comedy and is you know everyone's been
telling me to watch killing Eve and
maybe that's the next
toxic queer relationship that we could
cover and get lots of views for
Maybe
I changed my series name to computer
like Star Trek you can change Siri's
name
I had no idea I knew like I have my
series sounding like a hot Australian
dude because I'm like you know if I had
an assistant uh that would absolutely be
where my what my assistant would be
um
I didn't know you could change Siri's
name though
the talent of getting the right fitting
yet deceiving clothing
sexy Australian series sounds like it
sounds like a catch
Google assistant is really good but I
don't use it because it's Google yeah I
don't trust Google with anything I I
trust Apple because apple is like
notoriously
high on privacy
um
like uh even like to the point where
when the police brought I forget what
criminal it was they had done something
I think they were they bombed something
I can't remember the exact details
um but they were they the the FBI
brought them their phone and they said
we want into the phone and apple was
like um
find the password good luck best of luck
to you we're not opening the phone if we
open the phone for you for this
situation we're gonna have to open it
for another one we're not starting that
close
if you think about fastos from the Mt
MCU
eternals in Oppenheimer have a beef with
each other yeah because fastos was
really the reason the bomb was created
Apple's primary product isn't user data
yeah that's what I like about Apple and
lots of people about Apple and I
completely understand why because of you
know
producing a lot of their stuff in
basically sweatshops in China
um
but like as far as their user agreement
goes it's the most user friendly of all
the tech companies
like it likes it it I was gonna say it
likes people
um
of all the corporations it has the most
respect for people I guess
um
like I trust it way more than I trust
Google
like when I when we're writing YouTube
videos we we use Google Docs for writing
those but when I'm writing stuff that
like I'm going to publish
um I use Apple products because I don't
want anything getting leaked for
anything that could potentially be money
down low Right Down the Line
so anyone know if
Peach killer is going to be
jillago Beach killer
I've heard of this person
I don't like Google or Apple I don't get
either it's so hard
I do have a Google pixel phone as my uh
my company phone for Telos and that was
mostly because I was like I need a
company phone that is separate from my
phone so that actors can get in touch
with me and it not just be coming into
my normal system so I can separate work
and life
um
but uh
I haven't really I we haven't done
auditions yet so I haven't used it like
at all
although I'm excited for Wiccan and
hulkling to come into the MCU I hope
speed doesn't get sidelined he's often
forgotten treated like wiccan's twin bye
brother oh speed is definitely going to
be sidelined because I don't even think
they're going to bring in hulkling
I think we're going to get Wiccan as a
gay character but he's not going to have
a boyfriend I think that's what they're
going to do
currently that is my
that is my opinion on it hopefully I'm
wrong
but I have no faith in anything Disney
does he's so cute
look at his cheeks he's so cute how old
is he
22. okay I'm allowed to say he's cute
I made the mistake of getting a Google
pixel 7 Pro what a piece of junk on my
oh wow really I think that's what I got
well whatever the most recent Google
pixel is is the one I got makes really
good pictures takes really good pictures
really good video too I was really
surprised because apple is usually like
Primo with the video but the pixel
actually does better low light video
especially
I could easily take you I'd like to take
Joe Locke
I hope Christopher Nolan directs the
next Bond I saw today that Greta Gerwig
said that she'd love to direct a Bond
movie and I was like that would be such
a kick in the nuts if the next Bond
movie was directed by Greta Gerwig
whereas where Christopher Nolan is
basically begging Barbara broccoli to
hire him that would be such a kick in
the nuts to Nolan uh I would actually
love to see Nolan direct a Bond movie
because Barbara broccoli would come in
and say okay
uh great Direction wonderful we're gonna
do the the fine touches on the audio and
stuff like that
I think Oakland will be introduced but
once both are adults to avoid the queer
youth exist rhetoric I don't I don't
know
I have no faith I've lost all faith in
Marvel like I I haven't watched anything
from Marvel since
I watched She-Hulk I like She-Hulk
um
that was the last Marvel thing I watched
I haven't had any interest in anything
else that's been coming out for Marvel
um
and uh
I am gonna watch uh Agatha coven of
chaos when that comes out specifically
because Marvel has not said that Joe
Locke is playing Wiccan and I'm still
not sure he is
I still think he might be playing
Nicholas scratch
um and so I'm gonna watch it to see if
he's actually playing Wiccan or not
who is more to blame for the
Marvel or Disney Disney
Marvel is run by a progressive executive
who uh has been pushing for more
um representation for queer people and
people of color in the comic books
um that's Kevin feige Disney has been
the one pushing back against that kind
of against any kind of queer
representation in the movies that can't
be edited out for China
um Disney is the one the first that
forced Marvel to produce more movies
that force them to do a bunch of Disney
Plus shows that basically stretched the
Marvel Brand thin it is Disney's fault I
don't blame Kevin feige until a reason
for me to blame Kevin foggy is given I
will give him the benefit of the doubt
I'd only watch Marvel movies nowadays if
they include the X-Men or Spider-Man
I haven't bothered with the camera the
phone won't maintain the signal oh Wi-Fi
or mobile I'm glad you're not having
issues with it everyone else I know is
having nothing but problems with it oh
wow
maybe I don't have the newest one again
I barely used it
um
I've mostly used it to play Nintendo DS
games
to be honest
oh thank you Bastion I got these uh from
Zenni it's a on online glasses place
my pixel 7A hasn't maybe I have a 7A or
maybe I don't have a 7 Pro
I have a pixel I know that
and it has a really good low light
camera that's that's about the
the gist of it it's been sitting on my
my bedside table for weeks because I've
just I got it and I was like
we haven't started casting yet and like
actually casting yet and so I haven't
had to give out the number to anyone yet
I subscribe to title because Spotify
raised their subscription again and the
audio quality is really good
I forgot title was a thing I subscribed
to Apple music again because it's
I can just tell Siri to play a song and
the song plays I think you can do that
through Spotify but I I never got onto
Spotify
actually I think I do have a Spotify
subscription
why do I have a Spotify subscription
totally unrelated but have you read the
Pawn's Revenge it's a gay webcomic
similar to killing stalking I have never
heard of the Pawn's Revenge
ongoing model had 54 chapters
published by Legion
as a male as a male prostitute in the
slum Geo is at the bottom of the social
hierarchy upon among pawns sure he's
tired sure he's tried to break away but
each attempt has only left him with more
wounds until one day he gets rescued by
a serial killer who kidnaps him along
with his pimp the Killer song rock is on
a mission for his lover a former
prostitute plotting to turn the tables
why he rescues J.O is unclear but a
slick talking man was definitely
not part of anyone's plan regardless J.O
is no ordinary Pawn now that he has
entered the game he will use every trick
up his sleeve or in his pants to get
revenge
oh I must read this I must read this
this is necessary reading
yes yes yes thank you for bringing that
up to me
although I'm excited for Blue Beetle I
don't think it will make much money at
the box office hopefully it will be a
hit on streaming similar to Encanto
um
I think the reason it's not going to be
a hit is because I agree it's not going
to be a hit I don't think and it's not
because of the quality of the movie it's
because people are just so over DC now
that they have no faith in any of the
stuff that's coming out and the
basically DC is getting a soft reboot
with James Gunn Superman movie
um which will happen eventually when the
strikes are over
um
and I think the D I think DC fans will
kind of go back and check that out but
for now I think DC is basically on hold
which is real for Aquaman because
they spent like 300 million dollars on
Aquaman too and that's supposed to come
out in December
yeah DC keeps making
movies that out of characters nobody
knows who they are it's confusing
kind of a lovely person with such a rich
storytelling voice highly recommend it
just don't
get her talking it will take a while
oh thank you Katie dog
oh thank you Earl uh we're actually we
released the first teaser poster
for telos's first movie uh to
the Indiegogo supporters
last night I think or the night before
Greta Gerwig directed A James Bond movie
we would either get the first female
Bond or Bond would still be a man but it
would be re but it would be structured
like Fury Road
I would actually love to see a James
Bond Fury Road type movie
Fury Road was so good
that was so freaking good
I still can't believe it didn't win best
picture
I have no interest in the Marvels
which is sad because I actually liked
the first Captain Marvel I really like
Maria is
it's Maria Rambo right
I think so
um
but and I feel bad for saying this
the actress who plays Ms Marvel
seems so at least in the trailers seems
so annoying to me
like
really grading
and
like the screeches and stuff and I get
that it's supposed to be like a fangirl
thing and stuff like that but I'm I just
I feel I'm like I don't think I could
watch that
Monica right Maria's her mom right sorry
will you be discussing queer rap and
coding in the Barbie movie uh we talked
we did a podcast about the Barbie movie
so I don't expect there to be a video
about it
um
unless it like around Oscar season maybe
if it gets like a bunch of nominations
but uh
the
it's just kind of like one sentence
to talk about the queer rep in the
Barbie movie it's like you know there's
lots of queer actors in the movie which
is very appreciated
um no Real Queer characters though
except arguably Alan I would argue that
Alan's queer character
excuse me
um but other than Alan all the Barbies
and Ken's do kind of have a pair
um
but uh it's obviously super queer
friendly because every gay I know
went to see it this weekend
I'm gonna patiently wait for Telos to
release something and use every inch of
my being to advertise it you will be sad
upon by the wealthy verse I swear this
oh maybe we should add a furry character
to the first movie then
I literally there's two white boards up
on the wall right beside me that are a
breakdown of the movie and its
characters and everything
um because it's kind of a murder mystery
and so we had to like really get into
detail of who knows who who wants to
kill who who like everyone has a motive
kind of thing
um
and
I'm like oh maybe we should make one of
them a furry
oh rule 34 the hell out of it well the
actors might not like it but
maybe I'll put no I can't put that in
the contract
but you know I don't think any of the
actors that I'm talking to no one's
famous
so I think you know I don't think anyone
would complain about getting a fan base
Alan could be midge's baby's father Alan
ain't no bother
I like the way you think Bastion I like
the way you think
imagine if gretoker wig made a Bond film
from the perspective of a Bond girl
oh that would actually be really good
I want to see that movie
even if it's not Bond if it's just like
a movie from the perspective of the bond
of the the stereotypical Bond girl I
think it would be so interesting
especially the ones that are also
villains
Alan about to have his whole era
honestly I've always kind of found
Michael Sarah cute and particularly cute
as Alan so I mean I would
you know
still don't think Michael Sarah is an
actual actor they just leave him in
movie sets and he acts like his normal
self
Bond girl does sound like a a cool title
for a movie
although if it wasn't actually made by
uh
Barbara broccoli
um
you probably get hit pretty hard with a
copyright claim not copyright claim
you'd be taken to court wouldn't just be
like YouTube
on the way home from the Barbie movie
one of my friends made a really good
case for Alan being non-binary coded
absolutely since all the girls are
Barbie and all the guys are Ken making
Alan a sort of third gender absolutely I
immediately read Alan as non-binary
um
because you know he's he's not a Ken but
he's kind of a guy but he's on the side
with the Barbies and so I immediately
like because it is very much like black
and white gender coding and Alan is just
in the is the one in the middle I
immediately read Alan as as non-binary
and he's also I think the only Ken that
wears makeup
like he has like eyeliner on and
foundation and stuff
hearing magic Ken and sugar daddy Ken
where the gay discontinued dolls
earring earring magic can absolutely I
wish that they had gotten like
like Chris Evans to be Aaron hearing
magic can or something like that
Collingwood John Cena showed up as a
mermaid
which is like a fever dream I was like
what the
I was actually watching the first Bond
movie oh the first first one is Dr no
right I think the first one is Doctor no
I didn't know John Cena is in the movie
so when he I didn't know he was in it
either like I had seen pictures of him
as a mermaid and I thought that it was
just like a funny photo shoot he had
done or something and then he popped up
in Barbie and I was like what
by watching
Bastion honestly like I feel like I need
to see it again because I'm like did I
like I'm epileptic did I have a seizure
and imagine this movie happened
I'd initially assume Scott Evans would
be playing one of the queer kittens
since they've had him talking to the
queer yeah so did I
um and I mean he and nagurigawa
um who were both gay they they both
kissed Ryan Gosling in the movie so
that's that that's the gay male
representation there
this is
I just love that like they're like
they went for it with the uh
the you know like
the Barbies of all different races and
different you know body sizes and like
obviously you know like stereotypical
Barbie was the main character but all
the other Barbies kind of had equal
screen time and I really really like
that I really appreciated that
Ursula Andress called Dr No a crappy
Thriller I mean none of the the early
Bond movies are considered Classics but
I don't think any of them are
particularly good movies
like I don't think that there was
actually like a good Bond movie like
good on the the level of like
um
when I say good I mean like I I love the
Bond movies I've seen them all multiple
times
um I was obsessed with Jaws the
character Jaws when I was a kid
um
but I don't think the first like
actually legitimately
like
could be considered award-worthy
Bond movie happened until Casino Royale
my favorite movie is an absolute
dumpster fire but it's my dumpster fire
do you have a favorite Alan Moore comic
or movie based on an Alan Moore comic uh
movie based on an Alan Moore comic would
be V for Vendetta because I think that's
the only one he hasn't disowned
um and I think V for Vendetta may
actually be my favorite Alan Moore comic
comic as well watchman's really good
um
and the killing joke but I think I think
V for Vendetta is my favorite one
shocking I go for the one with the queer
representation
who would have thought for me of all
people
foreign
tattoos and short hair
I think there are a lot of comics he
hasn't disowned but they're not the
superhero ones
I don't think he's I don't know how many
Comics he's disowned but he's disowned
most of the movies made from his comics
I think V for Vendetta is the only one
that he hasn't the V for Vendetta movie
is the only one that he has an
outrightly disowned
I might be wrong though
oh am I Frozen
says excellent connection
oh
I see why
oh dear my camera battery died one sec
thank you
camera should be returning to action any
moment now
or not
I'm gonna move you in there
then do that we
okay should be good to go now sorry
about that
this
to for context this is the battery that
I'm running my webcam off of it's not a
webcam it's a Sony a74 but I'm running
it off of this
because it's weird
what celebrity have you met that's rude
and another who's nice I've never met
any celebrities who aren't wrestlers
actually
in person I've met porn stars but only
online I've talked to them but I've
never actually like
um
met any actors
or celebrities
do you think we'll get a comic book
adaptation of gentlemen's club it
actually started as a comic book
Nick wrote it as a comic book and a
friend of mine was going to do the art
for it but then it just this was years
ago year this was like 2016.
um
but then it kind of 2016 or 2015.
um but then it kind of fell through and
Nick rewrote it as a novel
and
like I think Nick would love to have a
gentleman's club as a comic book as like
a graphic novel
um but artists are expensive and so it
would be it would cost a lot to get it
adapted into a graphic novel and Nick is
so so very precious with the stuff in
the book that he wouldn't want to lose
anything so adapting it would be pretty
difficult
you do this you do that the pencil is in
panel 44 are too loose kind of thing
industry phrase the person who typesets
organizes the panels and directs a team
I have no I I don't know anything about
Comics
um
I know more about like manga and manwa
and that's because it's basically all
done by one person
um
so yeah I don't know
how it would work but it's something
that Nick's Nick wanted it to be a comic
book like he was really excited of
having like a trans superhero out there
like a trans mask superhero out there in
the comic space uh who wasn't defined
like he's the trans superhero
um like that's not what defines him as a
character
um
and then uh
the comic book thing didn't work but
then you know wrote it as a book a
really good book Link in the description
if you want to read it
um it is available through most
bookstores
um most easily through Amazon but also
most bookstores and uh
it's it's a lot of fun
if Telos ever wants to break into that
market count me in 12 years and on of
comics and art
I'll be interesting because Telos
published Avalon night before Telos was
a production company
um
so it's uh
it would be interesting to break into
the comic space
I just got a new Kindle Rafael it
actually was my my first Kindle
um I've never had a Kindle before I've
had like iPads and stuff and I've used
the Kindle app but I found the Kindle
itself I got the paper white one
it's it's so light obviously much
lighter than the books I read and I've
actually gotten back into reading
because of it
excuse me I'm finishing reading iron
Widow which I got like 50 pages into
iron Widow the book
excuse me months and months and months
ago
and uh
but never finished it and now I'm
finishing it and I'm really enjoying it
oh you also got the paper white it's
really nice Nick bought one yesterday uh
ordered one yesterday the Oasis one it's
like bigger and has buttons and stuff
I'm like I'm I'm fine with my little one
because he was like I I
need to focus on something I need I need
books
did everything freeze again
what is going on with YouTube right now
the American Gods graphic novel could
have been awesome but we'd have to get
Sam Keith out of retirement
it's funny that if the graphic that the
graphic novel of American Gods wouldn't
be great considering Neil Gaiman started
writing graphic novels well comic books
um
your roommates are watching the feud
oh the Family Feud
new name for you pods
I got pod
I'm not gonna try and pronounce the rest
of it
that's Merc
oh God
there's a picture of him in a white tank
top where he's like holding up the
bottom of the tank top with his mouth
and I'm like
well that's my new fetish right there
[Music]
I miss Sean Connery and Nicholas Cage
when they were wrapping up The Rock
I forgot the rock was a thing I saw that
I thought it was another drive-in movie
I saw
on my vacation in San Francisco lost
our res at a restaurant because they
came in oh reservation
when they found out they paid for oh
that was nice of them
just Resurrection paddles and zap him in
the butt wake UPS
that is really cool I've never met like
any like celebrity celebrities
I've gotten to know a couple of porn
stars who are like
you would think the porn stars are like
detached because they're so hot but then
like at least some of the one I've
talked to some who are
uh just
not great
um but I've gotten to meet some who are
well talk to some who are like absolute
sweethearts
I'm thinking about casting one in the
movie
because he's a particularly good actor
and now Nicholas Cage is a horror icon
Nicholas Cage is an icon of all things
AKA
I wish more gay porn stars could cross
over to mainstream since some are
actually quite good they are and there's
actually a character in the movie We're
making who is a gay porn star uh there's
two of them actually but one of them
dies
um
and so it's like it would just kind of
make sense to cast
a porn star as the role because then you
know he's not gonna feel
self-conscious walking around in his
underwear
um
but can he play an airhead is the
question
uh
I will have to
run it by him once we start doing
casting
which pornstar is the best actor that's
that's a difficult question
um Sean Ford is a surprisingly good
actor
um
uh oh crap
uh Blake Mitchell
is also
I think Blake Mitchell I would say is
probably the best actor
of all the at least of the gay porn
stars
like Blake Mitchell is a surprisingly
talented actor
um
he actually was trying to break into
acting for a while but all the casting
directors were like ew you did porn
gross blue
and I'm like he looks like a heartthrob
and can act what are you doing
so
we shall see we'll see what happens
I meant pink she came into the
restaurant I worked in and hung out with
us for a few hours before going to her
concert that's really cool
I promise this is not a fetish question
it's a great way to start a question uh
would you ever date a guy with
incontinence like maybe they're kind of
sickly but still worth being with even
with stuff that isn't convenient like
incontinence like they fart
because if it's just farting
I've had a lot of friends who just fart
all the time
have you been friends with straight boys
I can play an airhead some say I've done
my whole life
no I haven't seen swallowed that
that sounds like quite a uh
quite a title for a movie
incontinence is can't hold in p
oh
I mean sure I know some people who who
kind of like especially when they laugh
they can't really hold in their pee
it's only p
and I mean if they were a really really
nice person
like
I think my my expectations for how nice
a boyfriend is supposed to be is
probably too high but
maybe that's why I'm single
Sean Ford is multi-talented
Sean Ford is probably one of the most
beautiful men I've ever seen
honestly I I'm not joking like he's got
this Botticelli Angel type face it's
it's
almost like inhuman
it's like you'd think like wow he's
beautiful he must be an
no and that that's what makes it even
worse he's like really nice
the porn stars that most of the porn
stars I have gotten to talk to are nicer
than most of the like
like the porn stars who are like a 10
are way nicer
than the guys I've talked to who are
like us a five
not all of them some porn stars are
actual
um
one's name is uh
PF I'm gonna say I'm going to say p f
I'm not going to say his actual name uh
but he he is a
he's a piece of work
human pee only smells after a while
fresh it smells like nothing unless
depends on their
um
their uh diet I think if you have like
asparagus your pee stinks
Sean Ford's everything isn't fair at all
yeah yeah
now I'm wondering who has the initials
of PF
oh Dolly V you can't be that homophobic
you've been a subscriber for at least
three days
or else you wouldn't be allowed to
chat in this chat
as a kinkster you'd be surprised how
often dieting comes into the lifestyle
fun fact if you want to taste good lots
of pineapple absolutely I have not had a
boyfriend or any kind of regular sexual
activity for about a decade but I
actually love pineapple and so you know
nice bonus for anyone who you know
wants to date me I guess
I don't eat a lot of red meat and I love
pineapple
I know who you're talking about and yes
he is
always ready with pineapple
can you believe I've never seen Ron
Jeremy's singapob I don't think I've
actually seen Ron Jeremy's thingama Bob
to be honest I haven't watched a lot of
straight porn so
pineapple is really good for when you're
craving sweets and it's super high in
fiber so it completely like deletes the
amount of sugar in it
so if you're like trying to do like
ketogenic stuff pineapple is actually
really good because the fiber intake
is higher than the carb intake
pineapple does pineapple really make
someone taste good and how so
um it does I don't know how but it's the
same way like if someone smokes they
theirs is going to taste bad if someone
eats a lot of red meat like steak theirs
is going to taste bad
um and for some reason if they eat a lot
of pineapple and I think Peaches I know
pineapple for sure but I think peaches
um it makes it taste good for some
reason
couldn't tell you why
but apparently it does
why do I sinus infection I hate
oh I hate I've had sinus infections oh
God sinus infections are the worst
especially the ones where you just smell
bad stuff all the time
kind of surprised though James is kind
of
Kansas are underperforming I'm also
really I have major body insecurities so
even though like I could show you like
I'm on a couple of the apps I'm on hinge
for instance and there's some guys on
hinge who look like friggin models who
are like like Grayson you you could be
sending me their pictures like that's
that's what they look like like they are
beautiful and they're very friendly and
they want to meet and I am very very
insecure about meeting them because I'm
like oh once they actually see me in
person they're gonna really change their
mind and yes I'm in therapy and I'm
trying to deal with that
um
but uh
so I'm also you know it's also partially
my fault
tomatoes for tomatoes for volume garlic
for aftertaste water for hydration and
Gatorade for consistency hi I'm your
local internet freak and has been
what Gatorade for consistency
I love lemon lime Gatorade I could live
off of it but it's really high in sugar
my dad when when I was really little my
dad worked in a garage before he before
a car fell on him and he broke his back
in his neck and um
I would go over there and the other guys
who worked there would just give me
Gatorade because they knew I absolutely
loved lemon lime Gatorade
and one day I took one without asking
and my mom was like you stole that and I
I thought I was going to jail because
you know three or four years old and she
made me go over and apologize to them
and then they like all went out and
bought like a crate of lemon-like
Gatorade for me
there is a Bellamy movie called pina
colada and I discovered it before the
drinks whatever it does
foreign
I discovered a lot of stuff in porn
before I knew it was real
I call multiple pieces of asparagus
asparagus
God geese are horrifying
though I've never had asparagus
I'm not big on vegetables that's not
true I do like some vegetables I like
broccoli I like
um
um lettuce
tomato a vegetable or a fruit I don't
know if anyone's ever decided that
um
I like celery
porn lied to me about those things
straight porn like lied to me about the
instantaneousness of female orgasms
I've only done the female thing once but
apparently I was good at it
tomato is a fruit and yellow watermelon
is actually a vegetable really
watermelon is another thing that I could
just live off of
I could absolutely just eat watermelon
ever for every meal of the day
but being in a relatively cold climate
it's almost never in season so you can
really only get it in the summer or you
can get it in the winter but it's super
expensive
right in front of my salad
I hate that I forget his name now the
bottom in that scene ended up being a
trump supporter
have you played at Astra the incredible
furry sci-fi Slow Burn erotic political
romance job
uh no
I can't say that I have
I'm not good with visual not it sounds
like a visual novel I'm not good with
visual novels
I'm not good with like any video games
with a lot of dialogue like I've been
trying to play Final Fantasy 16 and
there's just too much talking so I can't
get into it
do you have an alternative for Twitter I
sure do I'm on blue sky I'm on threads
I'm on Instagram I'm on Tumblr
um there's the uh the other thing the
Discord
I'm on all the things
the only thing I'm not on is Facebook
oddly
um but yeah I'm on all the things I'm
just waiting for Twitter to die
are bye guys more likely to be switch
what's the difference is is there a
difference between verse and switch
I'm not on Blue Sky because they don't
fight
yeah I got uh someone
um one of
um my subscribers was very nice enough
to give me a blue sky invite and I've
since gotten two invites I gave one to
Nick obviously and I gave one to another
subscriber but as my invites come in I
will be posting
um
on uh
uh Twitter
so if you follow me on Twitter
um I will be posting when I get invites
uh as they come in so that I can help
more people get over to Blue Sky I think
it's actually a kind of a brilliant move
because threads kind of blew up and then
died immediately because everyone
realized that oh this is
you know giving
Mark Zuckerberg more power which he's
one of the Lesser evil Tech guys but
um
uh threads was also kind of undercooked
and uh
so it doesn't didn't you would think the
integration with Instagram would make it
easy but
I have way more Instagram followers than
I do threads
but uh
I think Blue Sky being exclusive when it
does go public it's gonna have all the
stuff ready to go and I think it's going
to be I think it's going to kind of
hopefully blow up and take out Twitter
if Elon doesn't do it first
switch is about place in dominance you
can bottom and be dominant verse is
for your preferred insert YouTube safe
innuendo here position while doing it
okay okay
can't play Zelda on a verse
if only Tumblr improved and returned to
its former glory
I honestly I've never really used Tumblr
I've kind of I've been getting I've been
using it a bit more now although I saw a
horrifying thing on Tumblr that kind of
scarred me for life and now I'm like
scared to open it
sounds like I'm a switch verse bottom
I think
I think that would make me a
dominant verse
if that is a thing
I go between top and bottom depending on
the guy I'm talking with
what was the thing
um
it was a video
of a seagull
swallowing a squirrel hole
and uh
and I can't get it out of my head and I
don't like that it's in my head and now
I'm scared to go back on Tumblr because
I'm like what are you going to show me
that is going to break my mind further I
don't need that
a seagull seagull not a pelican seagull
and I've hated seagulls my entire life I
grew up on an island seagulls were just
like hateful and now I'm
like oh I hate you even more because
where I live now there's a bunch of
squirrels that run around and they're
just so cute and they run around with
their little nuts and stuff and it's
like so adorable seeing them like
skitter around and so I'm like
no these squirrels are my friend they
come up to me and like
sniff me or whatever squirrels do when
they come near you
and uh
and I'm like no no leave the squirrels
alone you hateful hateful devil devil
Birds
why are so many birds complete
right the word the birds that you would
think would be like crows and
ravens
are the nice ones they're not
I got whacked in the face by a seagull
taking off once now I live by the Sea
and I'm always vigilant my my
horrifyingness of a seagull started with
my mom was eating a hot dog one day uh
we were sitting in the car and my mom
was eating a hot dog and the
the seagull flew in the window and got
the hot dog in its mouth and like yanked
it out of the bun and I've just been
horrified of Seagulls ever since
oh pigeons are fine
I have no problem with pigeons but
apparently European pigeons are like
evil but North American pigeons are very
chill though I do wish that they would
realize that a car can hit them and then
when a car is coming they should fly
away instead of continuing to just walk
across the street
they should have you know a better sense
of self-preservation than they do
because I'm always worried that they're
going to get hit by because I slow down
but I don't know if anyone else does
a parrot ate a chicken nugget that's
like
cannibalism
is a cannibalism when birds eat other
birds
I mean no because like Hawks and stuff
do that all the time
I actually saw a hawk in a in a parking
lot the other day it was just sitting on
a car and it looked confused
I took a picture of it because I was
like what the
chickens are known to eat eggs
birds are horrifying
I don't like birds
yeah I guess we eat other mammals we we
don't eat people so I guess like if a
seagull ate a seagull that would be
cannibalism so yeah I guess that makes
sense
do yours eat meat I thought deers were
were vegetarian
vegetarian
herbivores
horses eat me I grew up with horses I
never saw a horse eat meat
orcas eat orcas will eat anything
and they will just kill anything for fun
orcas are
everyone has this idea of orcas as like
these sweet
you know giant creatures of the sea and
it's like no they are evil orcas are
evil orcas will kill great whites just
for fun
great white sharks they leave the great
white sharks alone they are doing
nothing to nobody leave them alone
I thought Dolphins were the of
the sea well dolphins are a type of orca
I think
they're very closely related to killer
whales
yeah that's it orcas are dolphins
I blame Free Willy
is there anything out there that eats
moose
and if the Moose is dead wolves will eat
it
but if a moose is alive nobody
with a moose
even Bears Don't Go Near moose
yes orcas do eat moose I've seen that
where a moose is like drinking the water
and the Orca jumps up and eats it I've
seen that I'm telling you orcas are
evil they will eat anything and they'll
kill for sport they're nuts
everyone's like oh yay Free Willy I'm
like
I feel bad for the great white who's
just like swimming along having a day
and like kind of like chilling and then
a pod of great whites or a pot of orcas
come in and just beat it to death
they don't even eat it it's not food
they're just like we're gonna beat you
to death
orcas are the humans of the sea
really though if orcas ever got access
to guns we'd be
we had a bear Scare at work once a baby
bear
wandered into the school grounds and we
had to go into lockdown oh but it's only
a baby
although Mommy's coming
so yeah I understand why the lockdown
happened
depends on the kind of bear too if it's
a black bear then you're probably fine
black bears are really chill
there's a group of orcas that have been
sinking Yachts I
I remember that
so yeah maybe maybe they're not entirely
bad
imagine if Oppenheimer had been an orca
instead
well Truman would have been the Orca
Oppenheimer would have been a shark and
then Truman would have been the Orca
who's like so you made this thing we
should use it oh I don't think we should
use it oh we should use it
orkenheimer
definitely wasn't ready for
revolutionary girl Lieutenant I thought
it wasn't gonna get crazier than the
trip to India for the explosive Curry
and out of nowhere the cowbell looks
episode happened
I still haven't watched it so I'm very
confused now
intrigued
orcas are the largest dolphin it's like
a frog and toad thing all dolphins are
whales not all whales are dolphins
the only whale I like are well I like I
beluga whales are cute but I like sperm
whales
because they're gigantic and like pretty
peaceful
until you you know people were stabbing
them and trying to gut them for their
oil in their head and stuff but like
sperm whales are like pretty chill
so we're the Oppenheimer is the face of
the Manhattan Project when he was
thought of whatever's thought of as a
whatever scientist at one point with the
others on the project being Legends in
their own right I think it's his I am
become death the destroyer of worlds
quote that kind of made him the front of
that
because he was the one that came out
afterwards saying the bomb was a bad
idea
so I think that's why he kind of became
the face of the Manhattan Project
when in a whale watch years ago and the
whale came to check us out I was about
eight feet from an
eye two feet across
two feet across
God that's like that's lovecraftian
whales dolphins and porpoises are part
of the animal group known as
catastia
or quotations
Orca serial killers
didn't the the crew of the pequod after
they got sunk by the sperm whale ended
up getting like attacked by
orcas later on
I miss remembering that
Dolphins actually are rapists yes
the sea creature that freaks me out the
most though is leopard seals
leopard seals scare the out of me I
would go swimming with a great white
shark
I would happily go swimming with a great
white shark with hammerhead sharks
probably not tiger sharks but like a
great white shark absolutely I would go
swimming with a great great white shark
because if they're not hungry they're
not coming for you
um leopard seals though
leopard seals will you up they will
they will tear you apart for fun
sea lions are such adorable sea uncles
I love the videos well the videos of
like sea lions kind of jumping up onto
boats to escape orcas
I'm like don't push him back in he's
he's jumping up for a reason
Happy Feet was the movie that made me
scared of leopard seals I didn't know
what leopard seals was were until I saw
Happy Feet and I was like what the
are these things and then I like watched
a documentary about them and I was like
these are serial killers of the North
of the south of the South Pole
um polar bears are the serial killers of
the North
how would you know the great how would
you know the white shark isn't hungry uh
you can you can you can tell
if because you can tell when a shark is
hunting and when it's just gliding
Penguins also jump out of the water to
get away from orcas
yeah penguins are another bird I don't
mind I like penguins I'd like to like
pet a penguin
most flightless birds are terrifying but
I like penguins
like ostriches and emus and stuff scared
the out of me but I like penguins
James did you hear about the Florida
schools changing the history of slavery
I'm not shocked about anything that
comes out of Florida anymore
it used to be the Texas was the most
backward State now Florida has just like
lapped it ten times over
there are a lot of gay penguins
penguins are the best Birds
what's your opinion on Caso worries I
don't know what a cassowaries is
let's look let's look up casawari this
is gonna it's gonna terrify me
oh God no they look evil nope nope nope
it has a Crest on its head it's evil
birds like that just freak me out I was
attacked by a peacock
when I was little
it got my cousin kicked dirt at it and
so it started chasing my cousin but she
got away and so it came after me
I've seen giant river otters not like in
person but I've seen them like in
pictures and stuff
even if a shark is hungry I don't think
it would hunt a human yeah like when
sharks attack humans it's because
they're on surfboards
um sharks don't attack humans when when
the shark can see what the human is
because it's like you have no fat on you
it is not worth the effort that I will
exert to get the to eat you
um so they really don't care about
humans
um great whites tiger sharks exert much
less energy they are they will attack
humans
um
but great whites won't
which is why I like great whites I
actually ordered a blanket and it's like
uh it's like a
a blanket that you zip into and it's a
shark and I can't wait for the fall for
the weather to get cold I'm gonna stream
in my Shark blanket
kiwis are cute yeah kiwis are like Derpy
Birds
the gangster drag queens of birds
leopard seal versus great white I think
great white winds leopard seal is
probably faster so it could get away but
the the great the the Great White's
mouth is just so much bigger
that uh
it
a leopard shark I don't think would have
a chance against a great white
unless it swam away
a quacker parrot I've never I'm not of
I'm Birds freaked me out because things
that fly kind of freaked me out
um
for some reason crows and ravens and
blue jays corvids don't freak me out
um pigeons don't freak me out
but I don't think I've been around
parrots enough to be freaked out by
parrots
the One Direction to NHL fan pipeline
that is the most rare that is that is
the most random fan to Fan pipeline I've
heard since yuriana used to killing
stalking how do you go from a One
Direction fan to an NHL fan how does
that happen
I could not imagine two more different
things
for some reason a lot of Fick writers
are into writing NHL fanfic
why aren't they writing wrestling fanfic
there's so much
stuff just ready to be written
um I've known a lot of hockey players
and I wouldn't say that hockey players
are necessarily all hot
like go for soccer players or
rugby players or
even basketball hockey
players not so much
when One Direction would go on a break
and broke up NHL fans fanfics went up
that's so weird
oh New York mice and rats are not mice
and rats they are they are mutated like
MMA competitive Fighters
oh gymnasts
gymnasts and dancers I swear to God
I have a weakness for specifically
gymnasts like I have a weakness for
gymnasts
a hockey player and a dentist
it's like a romance between a wrestler
and a pain specialist
I've actually never watched Ted lasso
I think I was like interested in maybe
watching it and then there was like a
big controversy that he was an Iran fan
or something I can't remember what it
was that it didn't it didn't make me
like oh I can never watch that it just
kind of like
killed the moment at the time
I am super excited for the new Ninja
Turtles movie I'm definitely going to
see it I love the animation style I love
the personality they've given the
turtles I I'm super excited for it
I love that they're actually like
teenagers their voice some of their
voices I think I think it's Donatello's
voice hasn't cracked is it Donatello I
think it's Donatello uh his voice hasn't
like completely broken yet it's it looks
really fun I can't wait to see it
there was actually when I went to see
Barbie there was a Barbie Ninja Turtles
crossover ad
that had a lot of people in the audience
like the audience was like 90 women and
then 10 gay men
um
so I feel like it wasn't the key
audience for Ninja Turtles but a lot of
people laughed at it so I think it was
smart smart kind of cross-pollination
Macaws are large parrots that like to
talk and annoy people my neighbor bred
them when I was a kid they mocked Us by
getting us to go outside and laugh at us
dangerous though due to their beaks and
Claws that's what freaks me out about
birds
you never know when they're gonna just
take your eye out
what time is it
he had to wear leather clothing
do you have to wear leather clothing
owls are like really cool looking until
they're like wet and you see what they
actually look like under the feathers
then they're horrifying then it's like
ah I get where the the art of like demon
Kings and stuff like that from the
Middle Ages came from somebody saw a wet
owl
I'm having the best birthday week next
week's TMNT comes out on my birthday and
Heart Stopper comes out the day after oh
that's uh for some reason I didn't
realize TMNT came out next week
because I definitely want to see that
definitely going to be watching Heart
Stopper then I think uh is it the week
after Hearthstone or maybe it's the end
of August when uh red white and royal
blue comes out I can't remember
yeah there's a new Ninja Turtles movie
that's coming out that the animation
style is kind of closer to
um
Puss in Boots The Last Wish
and it looks really good uh Jason you
should check out a trailer it looks like
a lot of fun
I was a huge fan of Ninja Turtles when I
was a kid so I'm I'm always up for Ninja
Turtles coming back into Vogue
okay I think I'm gonna go for another 15
minutes
um go for two and a half hours
and uh
red white and royal blue comes out
August 11th okay so that's like
that oh God that's that's a busy busy
ass weekend
for like three weeks in a row there's
Ninja Turtles there's a Heart Stopper
and good Omens is this weekend so good
Omens Ninja Turtles Heart Stopper red
white and royal blue is busy oh it's
busy I'm busy
and at some point in there I have to do
other stuff I have to make videos
hopefully Nick's feeling better
I have to make videos and then I'm doing
a talk at Ottawa Pride uh it's the first
time I'm going to be doing a live talk
so I'm going to have it recorded
um so it can go up for patrons
um
and so that's exciting and terrifying
mostly terrifying because I don't know
what we're going to talk about yet
I still don't know if I read the red
white and royal blue book before
if you like want to read it before or
after the movie
thank you ka it's been a long time since
I performed live I used to do it all the
time like in in uh Elementary School
junior high and high school for talent
shows and stuff like that but I never
gave a live talk uh and it's actually
it's going to be basically a a talk
between me and Nick kind of like a live
podcast
um
we think we know what the topic is that
we're going to talk about but we're not
100 sure
um
we need to we need to figure that out
soon because we need to let them know
something interesting
happened to me I've had to walk with a
cane for the last three weeks
I feel like less like an old man and
more like a stately gentleman oh
will they let you stream or post it to
your channel
um I'm going to I think they're going to
stream it and then I'll rip the stream
and put it on patreon I won't put it on
my channel
um
I'll put it on patreon
because I I like to I want to try and
keep the channel
to like
fully produce video essays going forward
and then all the other stuff will go to
patreon and then maybe we'll go to a
second Channel eventually
ah Chris that's so cute
did you notice that your Marvel Billy
and Teddy video is nearing a million
views
uh it's getting there the gape oddly the
gay porn video
is also getting very close to a million
views
um like the gay porn video may actually
cross a million views by the end of the
summer
I'm hearing a weird noise coming from
upstairs
one sec
hey guys there's a leak I've gotta take
off
um
might stream again later this week
I'll